Added automatic mode selection (#2168)
jplag/JPlag: docs/1.-How-to-Use-JPlag.md

When using the subcommand, language-specific arguments can be set.
A list of language-specific options can be obtained by requesting the help page of a subcommand (e.g., "jplag java -h").

> To open an existing report run: `java -jar jplag.jar </path/to/report.zip>`

Reviewer: I would also name the command you have above again here, to have them grouped better
`java -jar jplag.jar path/to/the/submissions`

Starting with version v6.0.0, the report viewer is bundled with JPlag and will be launched automatically. The `--mode` option controls this behavior.

> By default, JPlag will process the input files and produce a zipped result file. After that, the report viewer is launched (on localhost), and the report will be shown in your browser.

Reviewer: This is not correct anymore, right? @TwoOfTwelve

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, JPlag tries to guess the best mode. When calling it with submission files, it executes the run_and_view mode. When the positional argument is a zip file including a report, it starts the view mode and opens the given report. When no arguments are given, the report viewer is started in view mode without any given file,
```

We could just copy the report viewer text for this
